---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: The Breeze of Javascript
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2015-09-08
labels:
  - Javascript
  - Learning
  - Athletic Software Engineering
---
	I really like Javascript so far because it seems easy to learn.  It was a completely new language for me and I find it very similar to other languages I’ve studied such as C, C++, and Java.  I especially like the JSFiddle platform that we are using.  It makes programming so much more fun than Eclipse or JGRASP by using colors yet it still keeps code pure. I especially like the ease of the debugger and testing functions. Plus, we don't have to compile.  
	The FreeCodeCamp was somewhat useful.  It allowed me to brush up on my skills while learning a new language.  They have many other useful exercises that I look forward to completing.  It will be a great tool to use during the semester.  Hopefully, I will have mastered Javascript by the end of the semester.  So far, I think the language has the capability to make me a much better programmer in the near future.
	I am not a huge fan of the athletic engineering at all.  I don’t think programming should be stressful.  It’s not like we are air traffic controllers.  I was not used to the stress at all today and all I could think about was escaping into the ocean.  It did not measure the skills we should have learned so far since the problem was far too simple.  With all the commotion going on around me, concentration was more difficult than it should have been. I will have to block people out better on the next workout of the day.
